Psalm 81 to the chief musician on an
Psalm 81 to the chief musician on an instrument of gaffe a psalm of Asaph
singing aloud to God our strength make a
singing aloud to God our strength make a joyful shout to the God of Jacob raise a
joyful shout to the God of Jacob raise a
joyful shout to the God of Jacob raise a song and strike the timbrel the pleasant
song and strike the timbrel the pleasant
song and strike the timbrel the pleasant harp with the lute
harp with the lute
harp with the lute blow the trumpet at the time of the new
blow the trumpet at the time of the new
blow the trumpet at the time of the new moon at the full moon on our solemn
moon at the full moon on our solemn
moon at the full moon on our solemn feast day for this is a statute for
feast day for this is a statute for
feast day for this is a statute for Israel a law of the God of Jacob this he
Israel a law of the God of Jacob this he
Israel a law of the God of Jacob this he established in Joseph as a testimony
established in Joseph as a testimony
established in Joseph as a testimony when he went throughout the land of
when he went throughout the land of
when he went throughout the land of Egypt where I heard a language I did not
Egypt where I heard a language I did not
Egypt where I heard a language I did not understand I removed his shoulder from
understand I removed his shoulder from
understand I removed his shoulder from the burden his hands were freed from the
the burden his hands were freed from the
the burden his hands were freed from the baskets
baskets
baskets you called in trouble and I delivered
you called in trouble and I delivered
you called in trouble and I delivered you I answered you in the secret place
you I answered you in the secret place
you I answered you in the secret place of under I tested you at the waters of
of under I tested you at the waters of
of under I tested you at the waters of Meribah
Meribah
Meribah here oh my people and I will admonish
here oh my people and I will admonish
here oh my people and I will admonish you Oh Israel if you will listen to me
you Oh Israel if you will listen to me
you Oh Israel if you will listen to me there shall be no foreign god among you
there shall be no foreign god among you
there shall be no foreign god among you nor shall you worship any foreign god I
nor shall you worship any foreign god I
nor shall you worship any foreign god I who brought you out of the land of Egypt
who brought you out of the land of Egypt
who brought you out of the land of Egypt open your mouth wide and I will fill it
open your mouth wide and I will fill it
open your mouth wide and I will fill it but my people would not heed my voice
but my people would not heed my voice
but my people would not heed my voice and Israel would have none of me so I
and Israel would have none of me so I
and Israel would have none of me so I gave them over to their own stubborn
gave them over to their own stubborn
gave them over to their own stubborn heart to walk in their own counsels
heart to walk in their own counsels
heart to walk in their own counsels oh that my people would listen to me
oh that my people would listen to me
oh that my people would listen to me that Israel would walk in my ways I
that Israel would walk in my ways I
that Israel would walk in my ways I would soon subdue their enemies and turn
would soon subdue their enemies and turn
would soon subdue their enemies and turn my hand against their adversaries the
my hand against their adversaries the
my hand against their adversaries the haters of the Lord would pretend
haters of the Lord would pretend
haters of the Lord would pretend submission to him but their fate would
submission to him but their fate would
submission to him but their fate would endure forever he would have fed them
endure forever he would have fed them
endure forever he would have fed them also with the finest of wheat and with
also with the finest of wheat and with
also with the finest of wheat and with honey from the rock I would have
honey from the rock I would have
honey from the rock I would have satisfied you
satisfied you
satisfied you you